Are you learning anything new right now?
Be honest... did you ever actually use cursive after they swore it'd be important later in life?
Be honest..... am I doing a good job? :pleading_face:
Build and then post one of these... <https://cajunavenger.github.io/>
Describe your dream home.
Did you have any interesting dreams last night? (Not NSFW)
Do you listen to any podcasts? Which is your favorite?
Do you prefer cats or dogs?
Do you prefer going to the zoo or to the aquarium?
Do you prefer the weather to be sunny and hot or cold and cloudy(and/or rainy)?
Do you think you're more of an introvert or an extrovert?
Does pineapple belong on pizza?
Draw and then post a silly little guy! :smile: (Be sure to compliment everyone else's silly little guy!)
Have you done anything exciting lately?
How are you convincing the genie to give you more than three wishes?
How is the weather where you are at?
https://cdn.discordapp.com/attachments/1228912885800112149/1228918128516272260/IMG_0491.jpg?ex=662dca32&is=661b5532&hm=00b2a35349e4c119dcce03153f20087a6619dd555b37fe10955ac3dc57279875&
I couldn't think of anything today... play two truths and a lie instead!
If a plane is on the ground is it a car?
If you could do something illegal without getting in trouble, what would it be?
If you could eliminate one animal from existence which one would it be?
If you could eliminate one bread type from existence which one would it be?
If you could eliminate one cheese type from existence which one would it be?
If you could eliminate one fruit from existence which one would it be?
If you could eliminate one vegetable from existence which one would it be?
If you could go back in time which time period would you choose to live in?
If you could have an infinite amount of one thing what would it be?
If you could have one fantasy weapon from any universe what would it be?
If you could instantly quadruple your sense of smell, would you?
If you could live in one fictional setting which one would it be? (Note: You are still you, just now in a fictional setting. You can gain/learn powers by any means provided, but you are not reborn as to be born with powers.)
If you could participate in any game show that has ever existed which one would you pick?
If you could replay one video game for the first time what would it be?
If you could reread one book for the first time what would it be?
If you could rewatch one movie for the first time what would it be?
If you could rewatch one TV show for the first time what would it be?
If you got to design an experiment to do on one of the Fallout Vaults what would that experiment be?
If you had all the money in the world to make a muppets movie adaptation what would it be and who would the human actor(s) be?
If you lived in Middle Earth would you be a hobbit, dwarf, elf, or man?
If you were born in the Avatar (bending, not blue people) universe which element, if any, do you think you would be able to bend?
If you were making a video game what kind of things would it include?
If your name starts with A-M you are in group A, everyone else is in group B. Group A... make a wish with a Monkey's Paw. Group B... how does it go wrong?
If your name starts with N-Z you are in group A, everyone else is in group B. Group A... make a wish with a Monkey's Paw. Group B... how does it go wrong?
I'm at the store what do you need right now?
I'm tired... someone else ask a question today!
Is a hot dog a sandwich?
Is cereal soup?
Is the McRib halal?
Is there something that you wish everybody knew about you, but you just don't know how to bring it up?
Is water wet?
Make a tier list (S, A, B, C, D, F) of D&D classes.
Make a tier list (S, A, B, C, D, F) of D&D races.
Ok let's settle this once and for all... is a zebra white with black stripes or black with white stripes?
Pick any fictional character and then build them a Pokémon team! Bonus: Decide who would win if teams competed in a tournament!
Rate the following: Pie, Cobbler, Cheesecake, Cake/Cupcakes, Brownies, Cookies
Rate the following: Pizza, Burgers, Wings
Rate the following: Sweet, Salty, Sour, Bitter, Spicy
We all have comfort characters... but who is your confront character that it is 100% on sight with?
What always makes you smile?
What are some parts of yourself that you think are the most tied to your identity?
What are you bringing back in time to convince people that you are a wizard?
What are you going to have for dinner tonight?
What book has the best ending?
What book has the worst ending?
What did you have for breakfast today?
What did you want to be when you grew up?
What do you know isn't real but want badly for it to exist?
What does grass feel like?
What does water taste like?
What fictional character do you relate to the most?
What game has the best ending?
What game has the best ending?
What game has the worst ending?
What helps you the most when you can't sleep at night?
What is a book to movie adaptation that doesn't exist yet that you would like to see?
What is a book to movie adaptation that you absolutely DO NOT want to see? (Does not currently exist and should not exist.)
What is a funny story from your first job?
What is a job that you think can and should be automated/performed by AI?
What is a movie that you could watch over and over again?
What is a question that you love answering?
What is a superpower you would never want?
What is a video game to movie adaptation that doesn't exist yet that you would like to see?
What is a video game to movie adaptation that you absolutely DO NOT want to see? (Does not currently exist and should not exist.)
What is a video game to movie adaptation that you think deserves a second chance? (Reboot OR Continuation)
What is an extremely high paying job that you just wouldn't do?
What is an obscure fact you know?
What is easy for you but hard for others?
What is one of your comfort books?
What is one of your comfort games?
What is one of your comfort movies?
What is one thing you can't live without and why?
What is something that is awesome in theory but not so much in practice?
What is something that makes you feel confident?
What is something that was scary to you as a child but isn't so bad anymore?
What is something that was scary to you as a child that you were absolutely right about?
What is something you like that isn't really all that popular? Do you think it should be? Why?
What is something you like to do when you have an excess of downtime?
What is something you never thought you'd be able to do until you actually did it?
What is something you really wanted but turned out to be overrated?
What is something you wish you were good at, but you aren't?
What is the best dessert item?
What is the best DS game?
What is the best GameBoy game?
What is the best GameCube game?
What is the best Gardetto?
What is the best Minecraft biome?
What is the best N64 game?
What is the best NES game?
What is the best PS1 game?
What is the best PS2 game?
What is the best PS3 game?
What is the best PS4 game?
What is the best PS5 game?
What is the best SNES game?
What is the best Terraria biome?
What is the best Wii game?
What is the biggest risk you have ever taken?
What is the dumbest joke you've ever heard?
What is the fastest way to make you mad?
What is the first movie you ever saw in a theater?
What is the hardest thing you do every day?
What is the last thing you saw that made you laugh?
What is the modern ship of Theseus?
What is the most definitive game of your childhood and why?
What is the most grim fun fact about yourself?
What is the most interesting thing you've worked on lately?
What is the most overpowered superpower?
What is the most overrated movie you have ever seen?
What is the most sus Among Us color?
What is the most underpowered superpower?
What is the most useless skill you have?
What is the recipe for the worst possible soup? What is it called?
What is the riskiest thing you have ever done?
What is the top thing on your bucket list?
What is the worst date you have ever been on?
What is the worst DS game?
What is the worst GameBoy game?
What is the worst GameCube game?
What is the worst Minecraft biome?
What is the worst N64 game?
What is the worst NES game?
What is the worst pickup line you've ever received?
What is the worst piece of advice you've ever gotten?
What is the worst PS1 game?
What is the worst PS2 game?
What is the worst PS3 game?
What is the worst PS4 game?
What is the worst PS5 game?
What is the worst SNES game?
What is the worst Terraria biome?
What is the worst Wii game?
What is your coffee or tea order?
What is your craziest paranormal experience?
What is your favorite bird?
What is your favorite dinosaur?
What is your favorite Halloween candy?
What is your favorite movie?
What is your favorite pizza topping?
What is your favorite Pokémon?
What is your favorite restaurant that is local to you?
What is your favorite smell?
What is your favorite thing to cook?
What is your fruit ripeness preference? (Hard or soft?)
What is your hottest take?
What is your least favorite Pokémon?
What is your least favorite smell?
What is your least favorite thing to see in a video game?
What is your next tattoo gonna be?
What is your old person trait?
What is your secret power?
What is your serial killer trait?
What is your strangest hidden talent?
What is your TED talk about?
What loot would you drop if you died in a video game?
What movie has the best ending?
What movie has the best ending?
What movie has the worst ending?
What occupation do you admire but could never do?
What should people care less about?
What story have you told people the most?
What was the best Happy Meal toy?
What was the best lunch item at your high school?
What was the best OG Minecraft block texture (that has since been replaced)?
What was the best show on Cartoon Network?
What was the best show on Disney Channel?
What was the best show on Nickelodeon?
What was the last book you read?
What was the last thing you bought for yourself?
What was/is the worst show on Cartoon Network?
What was/is the worst show on Disney Channel?
What was/is the worst show on Nickelodeon?
What weird conspiracy theory do you actually believe?
What would be your perfect weekend?
What would you show the Ireland/New York portal to get it shut down permanently... again?
When was the last time you actually stuck to a New Years Resolution?
When you are on vacation what is something you like to collect as a souvenir?
Where were you on 9/11?
Which is cooler... Cowboys or Pirates?
Which is cooler... Pirates or ninjas?
Who can talk their way out of a Mario Kart DUI?
Who is a villain who was totally right?
Who is in your Legend of Zelda themed blunt rotation?
Who is in your Mario Party blunt rotation?
Who is in your Smash Bros. blunt rotation?
Who is NOT invited to your Legend of Zelda blunt rotation?
Who is NOT invited to your Mario Party blunt rotation?
Who is NOT invited to your Smash Bros. blunt rotation?
Who is someone that is a role model to you and why?
Who is the best Stardew Valley spouse?
Who is the best Terraria NPC?
Who is the worst Stardew Valley spouse?
Who is the worst Terraria NPC?
Who is your favorite shitty little guy?
Who would win in a fight 1 million lions or a single Pokémon?
Why is chicken called chicken but beef isn't called cow?
Would you rather always be 10 minutes late or always be 20 minutes early?
Would you rather always have a full phone battery or a full gas tank?
Would you rather be able to read minds or predict the future?
Would you rather be able to speak any language or be able to speak with animals?
Would you rather be criticized or ignored?
Would you rather be in a group project where everyone *actually* does their share or just do a solo project?
Would you rather be in jail or be in a coma?
Would you rather be unable to close any door once it is open or be unable to open any door once it is closed?
Would you rather buy 10 things you don't need every time you go shopping or always forget the one thing you went to the store for?
Would you rather clean a toilet with your toothbrush or a floor with your tongue?
Would you rather cook for yourself or be cooked for? Why?
Would you rather detect every lie you hear or get away with every lie you tell?
Would you rather die before or after your partner?
Would you rather eat chocolate on pizza or never eat chocolate ever again?
Would you rather every song you listen to slowly turn into All Star by Smash Mouth or every movie you watch slowly turn into Shrek?
Would you rather everyone be able to read your mind or have them know your internet history?
Would you rather fight one toddler sized gorilla or ten gorilla sized toddlers?
Would you rather find $100 floating in a public toilet or $20 in your own pocket?
Would you rather get Orange Box 2 (Half Life 3, Portal 3, Team Fortress 3) or Elder Scrolls 6 (but it lives up to if not exceeds the hype)?
Would you rather give your parents or your boss access to your internet history?
Would you rather go back to kindergarten with everything you know now or know everything your future self will learn?
Would you rather go backstage with your favorite band or be an extra on your favorite TV show?
Would you rather have $1,000 cash handed to you every week or magically have a diamond worth $1,000 hidden in every meal you eat?
Would you rather have $1,000,000 now or $5,000 a week for the rest of your life?
Would you rather have the ability to see 10 minutes into the future or 10 years into the future?
Would you rather have unlimited bacon but no games or unlimited games but no games?
Would you rather know exactly when you die but not how or know exactly how you will die but not when?
Would you rather lose your sense of taste or lose both of your feet?
Would you rather never be able to go out at night or never be able to go out during the day?
Would you rather never have a wedgie or never have anything stuck in your teeth ever again?
Would you rather prove that a god is real or isn't?
Would you rather try something new or do something familiar? Why?
Would you rather wear the same socks for a month or the same underwear for a week?
Would you rather work at a sustainable pace taking breaks as needed even if it takes a long time to do a job, or work hard to finish a project start to finish in one sitting so you can begin your free time faster?
You and your friends are starting a ~~commune~~ friend farm. What is your job on the ~~commune~~ friend farm and what are some of the things you would like to have included there?
You're starting a new play through of your favorite RPG and you're *totally* not going to be a stealth archer this time... what will you be?